#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
altair==4.2.0
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.5
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   streamlit
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
contourpy==1.0.5
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.32
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
executing==1.1.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flake8==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.37.4
    # via matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.29
    # via streamlit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via streamlit
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.16.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   pydeck
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.21.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.4.5
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.0
    # via nbclassic
nulltype==2.3.1
    # via plaid-python
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
plaid-python==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via black
plotly==5.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyarrow==9.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.7.1
    # via streamlit
pyflakes==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   plaid-python
    #   streamlit
pytz==2022.5
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.2.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via streamlit
rich==12.6.0
    # via streamlit
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
semver==2.13.0
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.5.1
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via streamlit
tzdata==2022.5
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via streamlit
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   plaid-python
    #   requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.9.0
    # via importlib-metadata
